hotels in London city centre discover
how to find a great hotel without going
broke are you visiting London and need a
hotel in the heart of the city but don't
know how to find one that is
budget-friendly family-friendly and in a
safe and convenient location then these
top five tips can help you number one
decide what your travel plan is and what
places are of interest to you then study
the London Tube map and choose a train
or tube station that is close to these
locations when you're on holiday you
don't want to waste time and money
traveling a central London location also
means that you could walk to these
attractions and save money to use
comparison sites such as later INSCOM
which is my favorite hotels calm or
last-minute calm to get great deals
search by hotels close to your tube
station and then choose your price range
3 try and book your accommodation well
in advance as great deals go quickly you
should be looking at least one to two
months in advance as London is a very
popular city for before booking ask the
hotel owner whether they provide free
tourist information for visitors a
friendly and knowledgeable hotel owner
should be able to provide or help you
source important details such as a Tube
map a train map details of the best
attractions and advice on tours 5
although London is quite a safe city it
is best to do a bit of research use
Google Street View to have a look at
your hotel and the surrounding area all
you need to do is enter the Hotel
postcode check out the shops and
facilities to see how the actual area is
there you have it
some great tips to helping you find that
perfect hotel in London City Centre for
more great tips or if you're looking for
a great budget family hotel in the heart
of London visit staphon's hotel comm
today
you